Protocol  changes (#2444)
IIIF/iiif.io: source/presentation/4.0/index.md

```

# Protocol

> IIIF uses a variety of standard Web protocals. See the [Prototco](model/#Protocol) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IIIF uses a variety of standard Web protocols. See [Protocol](model/#Protocol) for more detail.
```
